

1. Speculate on whether you believe that so-called “deep” neural networks 
are destined to be another bust just as perceptrons and expert systems were 
in the past, or whether they really are a breakthrough that will be used for 
years into the future. Please give a two-to-three-paragraph answer, including 
examples to back up your argument.

Deep neural networks are definitely already on a different trajectory than perceptrons 
or expert systems. While Deep neural networks have not proven able to become the holy grail 
of AI, the general AI. It seems to be one of the best current methods. Just by looking at the 
results and limitations of these three approaches it's obvious that deep neural networks much more 
useful for real world applications than perceptrons and expert systems. For one expert systems is 
considered a bust because it is limited by the need of domains of knowledge provided in a specific 
form generally provided by humans. This is not learning. It is really just an insanely complex 
algorithm of if's and else's. Perceptrons were a bust because of how weak their classification 
and learning was. Classifying linearly does not allow it to model the XOR function much less 
deeply complex real world relationships. I think perceptrons were labeled a larger bust than 
necessary because of the hype generated by gross exaggerations of its capabilities as it was 
supposed that a system of perceptrons could eventually walk, and talk, and be sentient. Deep 
neural networks avoid these issues by using back propagation to truly learn from the data itself 
and find complex non-linear patterns. There are already huge results from DNN such as AlphaGo 
soundly defeating the reigning Go champion, a game with near infinite possible states. Another 
important result was the invention of a DNN to play a popular video game called Dota 2, a game 
where each player moves a character than has certain abilities. After playings many, many games, 
this DNN started making plays and combinations of attacks that were very good that professional 
players hadn't ever actually seen before. The way that DNN becomes a bust though would be its 
limitation that it can only train for one specific task at once.