Exercise 2.1

    a) Both Algorithms, Hill Climbing and Simulated Annealing find the correct solution.
    b) Hill Climbing ran in 7.58e-05 seconds and Simulated Annealing ran in 0.0039732 seconds so Hill Climbing was faster
    c) There is very little difference. The are no local maximums so Hill Climbing is the ideal algorithm for this problem.
        A starting value closer to the solution just makes it run slighly faster
    d) The delta step variable controls how big the jumps are when moving on the curve.
        A larger delta step means the algorithm will overshoot more often and a smaller delta step means the algorithm will undershoot more often and take more time.
    e) The exp_schedule function is the result of a lambda function given arguments for temperature and initial randomness. 
        This function controls how wild or calm the Simulated Annealing algorithm is.

Exercise 2.2

    a) Compared to the previous problem both algorithms have poorer performance. The time taken is very similar.
        The Hill climbing algorithm almost never finds the absolute maximum because of 
        the abundance of local maximums. The Simulated Annealing generally does better because it can jump 
        over the valleys that stop the hill climbing algorithm.
    
    b) Yes, the starting value makes a huge difference on this problem because the starting value
        for the hill climber defines the maximum possible solution. A better starting for the Annealing also generally gives a better answer.
    
    c) By changing the delta step from 1.0 to 5.0, the hill climber can somtimes make a leap across a valley to get to a higher local maximum,
        but still almost never reaches the global maximum, but the Simulated Annealing algorithm almost always finds the global maximum.
    
    d) In the Sine functin abs(x * sin(x)) the minimum is 0 and the global max is 30. 
        The  Hill climber averages slightly higher than its given initial value, so on average this algorithm finds a solution in the 50 to 60 percentile range.
        The Simulated Annealer averages finding the maximum of 30 so it is in the 99 to 100% percentile of the maximum


Exercise 2.3

    a)